welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the handmaiden
in japanese occupied korea a con man
operating under the sobriquet of count
fujiwara
plans to seduce a japanese heiress named
lady hadiko
then marry her and commit her to an
asylum in order to steal her inheritance
he hires a pickpocket named suki to
become hadiko's maid and encourage
hadiko to marry him
hadiko lives with her uncle kozuki a
korean man who helped the japanese take
over his country
in exchange for a gold mine kosuki then
uses this wealth to feed his obsession
with rare books
selling forgeries to further accumulate
money and books
suki's main job is to help hadiko
prepare to read for kozuki's guests
returning frustrated from a reading
hadiko demands suki sleep next to her
the two end up making love under the
pretext of preparing hadiko for her
married life with the count
suki begins expressing reluctance about
the plan
but when hadiko herself suggests she
loves someone other than the count
suki insists on the marriage hadiko
slaps her and violently throws her from
the room
when kozuki leaves on business for a
week hadiko and fujiwara elope
after cashing out hadiko's inheritance
it is revealed that hadiko's naivete was
part of the khan
she and fujiwara double-crossed suki and
convinced the asylum that she is the
countess to have her committed in
hadiko's stead
a series of flashbacks show that
hadiko's reading practice
was in fact kozuki teaching her to
erotically read sadistic pornography
since she was five years old
the flashbacks show a regime of
psychological and physical abuse that
eventually degrades the sanity of
hadiko's aunt
who is eventually found hanged from a
tree in the yard
and hadiko takes over as the reader for
the auctions
when hadiko questions the description of
a hanging in a book she has to read
kozuki tells her that he murdered her
aunt using torture devices in the
basement after she attempted to run away
in the more recent past the count
realizes seducing hadiko would be
impossible and instead
includes her in the plan to elope and
then split her inheritance
when hadiko expresses her fear of her
uncle the count promises her a vial of
fast-acting poison as a wedding present
so that she can never be taken to the
basement
hadiko demands the count find her a girl
to hire as a maid
to commit to an asylum in hadikko's
place
while being instructed by the count who
takes advantage of suk he's illiteracy
hadiko unexpectedly falls in love with
her
hadiko tries to confess her love but
when suki insists the marriage go on
hadiko throws her from the room and
tries to hang herself
suki saves her and both admit to their
plots
hadiko helps suki write a letter to her
family to say
she has teamed up with hadiko and to
hatch a plot to get hadiko and sukhi
away from the men who have been
manipulating them
hadiko shows suki the books she was
forced to read and suki begins
destroying the library
hadiko calls sukhi her savior
and joins in destroying her uncle's
collection
suki's friend box soon sets a fire at
the asylum and poses as a firefighter to
rescue
suki hadiko poisons fujiwara's wine
causing him to pass out while she takes
the money and leaves
the women reunite and flee together
disguising hadiko as a man to avoid
detection
kozuki captures fujiwara upon receiving
a letter from hadiko detailing
fujiwara's deception
he tortures fujiwara in his cellar with
his collection of antique bookmaking
tools and presses him for sexual details
about his niece
fujiwara makes up a story about their
wedding night but a flashback shows that
he watched hideko masturbate before
cutting her hand on a knife to stain her
sheets
refusing to consummate the marriage when
kozuki presses for more details
fujiwara convinces him to give him one
of his cigarettes
after smoking a disgusted fujiwara
refuses to give
further details kozuki notices the
cigarettes are producing blue smoke
fujiwara reveals that his cigarettes had
been laced with mercury and the toxic
gas within the smoke kills them both
on a ferry to shanghai china tsuki and
hadiko
celebrate their newfound freedom by
making love once again
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]